i'm peppa pig
this is my little brother george this is
bobby pig
and this is daddy pig
[Music]
it is raining today so peppa and george
cannot play
outside
daddy it stopped raining can we go out
to play
all right run along you two
[Music]
peppa loves jumping in muddy puddles
i love muddy puddles
peppa if you jump in muddy puddles you
must wear your boots sorry mommy
[Music]
george likes to jump in muddy puddles
too
george if you jump in muddy puddles
you must wear your boots
peppa likes to look after her little
brother george
george let's find some more puddles
[Music]
[Laughter]
peppa and george are having a lot of fun
peppa has found a little puddle george
has found a big puddle
look george there's a really big puddle
george wants to jump into the big puddle
first
stop george i must check if it's safe
for you
good it is safe for you
sorry george it's only bad
[Music]
peppa and george love jumping in muddy
puddles
come on george let's go show daddy
oh goodness me daddy daddy
guess what we've been doing let me think
have you been watching television no no
daddy
have you just had a bath
no no
i know you've been jumping in muddy
puddles
yes yes daddy we've been jumping in
muddy puddles
oh and look at the mess you're in
oh oh well it's only mud
let's clean up quickly before mommy sees
the mess
daddy when we've cleaned up will you and
mummy come and play too
yes we can all play in the garden
peppa and george are wearing their boots
mummy and daddy are wearing their boots
peppa loves jumping up and down in muddy
puddles
everyone loves jumping up and down in
muddy puddles
oh daddy pig look at the mess you're in
it's only mud
peppa pig
[Music]